[narrator] Dear viewers,
unfortunately, it seems your ill fortune
সাইট খুঁজে না পেলে ব্রাউজারে লিখুন:
-=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
will be dragging you to Patparganj
all over again.
All kinds of desperate cases
come to this court.
Five men together cannot just rob someone.
This is a case of vandalism, your honour.
[squawking] Shit face,
shit face, shithead.
These are not swear words,
- they are just insults.
- Shut up.
[narrator] You will be pleased to see
that while nothing much has changed here,
almost everything has.
The monkeys are still monkeying around.
- And so is the monkey chaser.
- [exclaims]
The lawyers here are still fighting more
over clients than for justice.
But there are some Harvard-returned
anomalies wandering around.
- Hi, I'm--
- [Vishwas] Ananya Shroff.
If you have any complaints
regarding the lawyers' block
- or the judges' block, please come to me.
- Okay.
I'm the Donna of this court.
[narrator] The gap between the foyer
and the chamber is still very wide.
But madam is capable of anything because…
[Daleel] Madam does not argue, okay?
Madam is the argument.
[crowd chanting] Tyagi!
[narrator] The players here
are still the same
who use the long arm of the law
to scratch their backs.
But the influence of the law
can also go a long way.
It's flipped the game.
Tyagi, the real kick is justice.
[Tyagi] You think a sinner like me
can become a judge?
[narrator] When the backbenchers
start calling the shots,
things are bound to change.
Stay tuned.
Whether crazy or unbelievable…
BASED ON SOME TRUE EVENTS
…a lot of true incidents
are coming your way.
[vehicle crashes]
BASED ON SOME TRUE ACCIDENTS
[narrator] What?
Accidents? Again? [chuckles]
- [Order] He's here.
- [Mintu] Cool. [clears throat]
[Mintu] All rise.
Making his entry is the Principal
District Judge of Patparganj Court,
ex-Bar President,
and my GOAT…
[both] His honour, VD Tyagi!
[vocalising]
[upbeat music playing]
[music fades]
What the hell am I doing?
[vocalising]
I'm going to be a judge,
and I'm going to dance
like this at my oath ceremony?
[sighs] Bro, you're hardly
going to dance like this.
You'll do a Michael Jackson! [vocalises]
- No, sir. Y-you can do this one.
- Hey, hey.
- Hey!
- Yeah.
Stop the bloody chicken dance, man.
[chuckles] So cool you are looking, bro.
Am I?
But, Tyagi, I'll miss you like hell, bro.
- Hey, come on. [laughs]
- [whimpers]
- I'm going to be a judge at last.
- Yeah. [chuckles]
Tyagi, sir.
It's time for your oath ceremony.
Terrific. So, let's really quickly
rehearse the oath, sir. Shall we?
Hey. He's the Principal District Judge.
Do you know what that means?
[stammers] Means he's a judge, right?
He's the judge above other judges.
- Over and above?
- Yeah.
Not a single sheet of paper will move
in Patparganj Court without his approval.
[gleeful music playing]
Henceforth, the BC and AD eras are over.
And VD Tyagi's era begins.
[Sujata] I thought I'd distribute
my new card to everyone before I leave.
[chuckles] Here, if you have a client
who's out of your league, give it to them.
[chuckles]
If you work hard like me, then one day
you'll have a chamber of your own.
Maybe.
- [crying]
- Daleel. Hey.
He's on some kind of bad trip.
Aw, Daleel, it's okay.
She's just moving to the chamber.
- She'll be in touch with you.
- [chuckles]
No, no, Ani.
A good cry lightens you up.
- Daleel, you keep crying.
- [sobbing]
Wow, wow, wow. Amaz…
Sujata, there's a spelling mistake here.
[bystander] Look at this.
These people don't even know that advocate
is spelled with a double D. [laughs]
- Oh.
- [Ani] Mr. Shukla,
chamber is spelled incorrectly.
Look down.
They've written, "Chembur."
Sujata, chamber is C-H-A-M--
Look, if you know so much,
join me in the chamber.
God knows what kind of partner
Mintu is going to be.
If you're with me, then we two lasses
can kick their asses and everything--
Suja--
Sir, so sorry.
Sujata, I've only just started
getting cases.
Let me win my first case,
get a little more practice.
And then, like you, I'll earn my place
in the chamber, I promise.
Hey, the chief guest has arrived!
Vishwas has called all of you
for the oath ceremony.
Our own Mr. Tyagi's being sworn in.
Come on.
…and that I will uphold
the constitution of India and the laws.
And that I will uphold
- And this court--
- Hey, careful.
- Congratulations.
- Congratulations. Thank you.
This court offers a hearty welcome
to the new Additional District Judge,
Mr. Kailash Shubhkela.
And now, it is my distinct pleasure
and honour
to invite our Principal District Judge,
Mr. Visheshwar Dayal Tyagi,
to the podium to come and take the oath.
Sir.
- [judge] I…
- [clears throat]
I, Visheshwar Dayal Tyagi…
[judge] …will perform
the duties of my office
without fear or favour,
affection or ill will,
and that I will uphold
the constitution of India and the laws.
…perform the duties of my office
with… [coughs] …fear or favour,
affection or ill will, and that
I will uphold the constitution of India…
- Hey, did he say with or without? Huh?
- …and the laws.
Was it with or without?
[theme music plays]
[music ends]
[siren blaring]
[groans] My friends.
He could barely handle one.
When her sexy twin sister walked in,
wearing even skimpier clothes.
Suddenly, they smell the fragrance.
[sniffs, moans]
They see a guy standing there.
Fairly dashing, just like me.
Both of them lose their senses
and pounce on him, drooling and moaning.
Then they tear off his clothes.
And then?
Then the ad comes to an end.
Oh.
What was the name you said?
Fire Clone Deodorant.
Spray more, play more.
His armpits are like a lotus in a swamp,
they're burnt.
- [sniffs] But what a fragrance.
- [patient chuckles]
For three years, I've been spraying more
every single day.
- But are you playing more?
- What nonsense.
If Mr. Banaspati says yes,
will you apply it as well?
[patients] Yes. Yeah.
[patient] Why not?
Sir, this is exactly why
we must have this product discontinued.
So that we can safeguard our people
from getting badly burnt.
Gentlemen, this ad is a lie.
Girls don't get impressed by all this.
What girls really like is personality,
confidence.
Just be yourself.
[chuckles] I tried doing that too.
She filed a police report.
[patients chuckling]
Now, when I finally get
the compensation money,
I'm going to use it to buy me a bride.
- [patient 1] Good idea.
- [patient 2 laughs]
- [chuckles]
- My God, Mr. Banaspati.
You're so sexist.
[chuckles]
Madam, you know,
I didn't even think of myself as sexy.
You skipped sexier
and you jumped straight to sexiest.
[patients laugh]
Madam, we'll have to run some tests to
find out the exact cause of these burns.
If the tests turn out to be in our favour,
will you come to the consumer court
and testify?
Yeah, please, do come.
The people from the company
have been threatening me.
They said they've got this lawyer
who studied abroad.
She's a hotshot lawyer.
Her name… [stammers]
…sounded a lot like the number nine.
Wait, Nayana?
Y-yes, Nine-a.
Do not say Arora.
Okay, I won't say it.
[scoffs]
But it is her. [chuckles]
[assistant] The High Court has sent
iPhones for all of you.
Sir, which one would you like?
Midnight black or starlight white?
I protest.
Same here.
Look, you didn't even give us
the option of rose gold.
What?
I mean, the High Court judges have them.
They have them, right?
- The rose gold ones.
- Yes, sir.
You're not being very fair to me.
I protest this shameless opulence.
[chuckles]
How does this make
the judiciary of Patparganj look?
If an impoverished person walks in
seeking redress and justice from you,
and he sees you carrying
a rose gold iPhone,
what will he think?
How intimidated is he going to feel?
Sir, yesterday in court
there was this poor guy.
Even he had an iPhone.
So?
Pro Max.
Sir, I was the one
who was feeling intimidated.
- [workers laughing]
- I mean…
[clears throat]
I will file an official written complaint
to the Principal District Judge
of this court…
once we have one.
- We do have Tyagi.
- [workers mumbling]
Your honour, congratulations.
- [chuckles]
- It's such a thrill to see you here.
- Thank you.
- [chuckles]
- Sir, this is Peepal.
- Sir.
- He's here from the High Court.
- Congratulations.
Thank you.
This is Rajkumar Rana.
He is your security head.
Thank you.
And this is Maya Tamang.
Your stenographer.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
And this is Vipin Topo.
He'll be your code reader.
And assistant, chef, nurse,
travel agent, masseuse…
[coughs]
Judges are the backbone
of the system, your honour.
But they have no one
to take care of their backbone.
- Oh.
- Right.
- I…
- Tyagi, sir.
Tyagi, sir.
Your very first signing
from the High Court. [chuckles]
Along with a special gift
for you, your honour.
Your honour, my number
is first on speed dial,
second is my girlfriend's,
third is my wife's.
You're welcome to call me at any time.
I don't take holidays, I don't fall sick,
my tyre doesn't get punctured,
and my alarm goes off on time.
Sir.
[footsteps approaching]
[Sunil panting] Tya-- Tyagi!
I-- I walked 1200 steps.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Listen, Tyagi.
As head of the Vigilance Committee,
I wanted to inform you that
you haven't become a judge yet.
He's just taken the oath.
You took the oath incorrectly.
[ominous music playing]
Oath incorrectly?
[Munshi] Now with Visheshwar gone…
JAGDISH GUPTA
…the responsibility of this chamber
lies with us.
[Order] Yes, Mr. Munshi.
This isn't just Sujata's first day today.
This is also the first day
of a new partnership.
And partnership means equality.
And equality shouldn't just be in words,
but in actions.
Mr. Munshi, what are you so worried about?
Tyagi's left me a huge responsibility.
And I'm gonna create
a great environment here.
\- We are gonna have fun! [chuckles]
- Where do I put all this stuff?
\SUJATA NEGI
\Hey, Ms Sujata. Let me help you.
- I'll take those files. [grunts]
- No, no, it's okay. [grunts]
[clears throat, chuckles]
[romantic music playing]
- [chuckles]
- [Vishwas] Ani!
Ani, I got a cooldrink for you.
I couldn't get one without sugar.
You're definitely winning this case.
Good luck to you.
- [tense music playing]
- Huh?
Are you guys twins?
- So this drink is for her, is it?
- Yeah.
I specifically asked for decaf cappuccino
and lactose-free milk.
Milk minus the milk?
Coffee minus the coffee?
And this black water? [chuckles]
You sure you're not Ani's sister,
by any chance?
- [Ani] Of course not.
- Huh?
Hey. [chuckles]
None of my sisters
would be this grotesque.
Outside and inside.
- Uh, this is--
- Ananya Showoff.
Downloaded from -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
- [stammers]
- Nayana Rora.
Arora. You missed the A.
Just like your last semester at Harvard.
- [sucks teeth]
- [Banaspati] Hey, madam.
This is her.
- She's the Fire Clone lawyer.
- Ooh.
She offered me 100 grand to drop the case.
- Hmm.
- Take it, Mr Banaspati.
It's charity.
And anyway, your lawyer hasn't won
a single case till date.
She's a courtroom virgin.
A virgin?
No. Uh, not that kind.
Thank you so much
for coming today, Nayana.
My first win will be truly special.
Yeah, you'll need all the luck. [chuckles]
[grunts]
Your drink.
[scoffs]
[Vishwas] Ani. Ani, calm down.
Where did you meet her anyway?
Kindergarten.
- Oh.
- [scoffs]
…duties of my office
with… [coughs] …fear or favour,
affection or ill will.
Such a powerful speaker.
[Tyagi] Yeah, right.
Behind the cough, you can clearly hear
the word "out" crystal clear.
What? You guys didn't hear it?
- [stammers]
- Uh, uh, yeah. [stammers]
- Yes, yes. We heard it. [chuckles]
- We-We… We could hear it. Clearly.
But Tyagi, see,
the thing is
Mr Ghosh is a very senior judge.
And what he believes is
you might have said
"with fear or favour" instead.
If there had been no cough,
what would you have heard?
The law doesn't just consider action
but intention,
and you all know that very well.
Tyagi, what I'm trying to say is
that even if you said it wrong,
you still said it right.
I mean, government officers
always work with fear, right?
- Yes. [chuckles]
- [chuckles]
- Take us, for instance.
- Hmm?
The press, our peers, superiors
were always a worry.
And now we have live streaming
on top of everything.
And the one who judges without fear
isn't a judge.
- It's the public.
- [chuckles]
Yes, but we can't admit this publicly,
can we?
[chuckling]
Uh, Tyagi, the three of us believe
that you should quickly retake your oath.
Look, even Obama had to do it.
[judge] Which court was that?
Not this one.
- Mr Bhandari, relax. Drink your coffee.
- [both chuckle]
I will not take the oath again.
What's the public going to think?
It's the court's PDJ
can't even take his oath correctly,
how can he take any decisions?
Please give me my stamp back.
I want my stamp back right now.
Tyagi, I do understand,
but my hands are tied, you see.
I understand.
I get it now.
Save your filthy mind for your arguments.
The two of us are just partners, okay?
Sir, even your name
suggests more than a partnership.
Balli, Sujata. A love like no other.
Look, I know you're innocent
in all of this.
But what if
she deliberately bumped into you? Hmm?
You're the bar president.
She only just joined.
She saw how dashing you are.
That's why she hit on you.
- Mmm.
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna hit you instead. Simple idiot!
- Sorry, sorry, sorry. Please don't hit me.
- [shouts]
- Whoa!
[romantic music playing]
S-Sorry, Ms Sujata.
[Vishwas] You know, I've dropped
a lot of files in my time too.
Not to pick them up,
but to create a moment.
But what moment would Mintu want with me?
- Why wouldn't he?
- He's my partner.
- [chuckles]
- [Banaspati chuckles]
Is he your partner,
or does he want to be your partner?
Yeah.
Sujata, I've won the case
before it's even begun.
The doctor has just confirmed
that the burns were caused
- by the chemicals in the deo.
- Hmm?
[Ani] He's willing to testify in court.
Wonderful. Wow.
Well done, Ani.
I'll arrange for you to meet Ahmad
in the Consumer Court.
- Mmm.
- Your case is strong,
- but add some strategy.
- [chuckles]
Sujata, this case
is beyond Nayana's league.
She's an entitled, pampered, bratty bimbo.
She even went to Harvard
because of her father's money.
[bell toll plays]
[stammers] Without the 30% scholarship.
- [Vishwas] Oh.
- Guys, relax. I've got this.
\Tyagi, I can't do anything.
You'll have to handle this on your own.
Why didn't you tell me
that Ghosh was the complainant?
Ma'am, you're afraid of Mr Ghosh?
You should be afraid too.
Judge-itis is what he suffers from.
Judge-itis.
A judge should be like this.
A judge should be like that.
He should do this. She should do that.
Why, just last month,
he complained against a High Court judge,
asking, "Why is he standing on the street
and eating junk food?"
Junk food? How is that a problem?
Publicly,
you cannot open your mouth so wide.
[chuckles]
It's inappropriate for the judiciary.
- This man's the limit.
- Look.
With great difficulty,
I got Ghosh off my back.
I can't help you where he's concerned.
Sorry.
Ma'am.
My dad came for the oath ceremony.
Now, how can I invite him
a second time around?
Just think about it.
Hmm.
I get it, Tyagi.
That you can't take the oath again.
But this court is yours.
So the order should be issued by you.
[upbeat music playing]
Okay?
NORTH
[coughs]
- [Banaspati] Sir?
- [clear throat] Mmm.
First, take off your glasses.
You're in a courtroom.
[groaning] My armpits.
[sexy music playing]
Ma'am, do me a favour.
Put the glasses back on.
Yes. Please proceed.
Look, sir.
Neither am I a movie star,
nor am I some kind of millionaire.
But whenever I spray
some deo on my armpits,
I feel like a million bucks.
I feel like I'm sexist.
[crowd laughing]
Please.
[laughing stops]
Your Honour,
these crony corporates sell their
dangerous products to Banaspati and others
by attacking their insecurities
just to make a profit.
Your Honour, "caveat emptor,"
Latin for "buyer, be aware,"
is one of the foundations
of the Consumer Protection Act.
If someone drinks a soda
and jumps off a roof,
it's not the fault of the advertisement
but the consumer.
Your Honour,
according to this logic, alcohol
and cigarettes should also be advertised.
And why stop there?
Why not sell drugs to children?
- [phone game beeping]
- [crowd laughs]
Uh, um, madam, let's move on.
Um, please present your medical expert.
Absolutely, Your Honour.
Objection, Your Honour.
We have doubts
on the integrity of the expert.
Your Honour, Dr Rizwan is a bonafide
professional with upstanding integrity.
Uh, proceed.
Thank you, Your Honour. Dr Rizwan?
Leave your glasses on.
So, Dr Rizwan, what do your findings say?
The test confirmed the fact
that Mr Banaspati's under arms are burnt.
Correct. And the primary cause?
Oversensitive skin.
[bell toll plays]
What?
Oversensitive skin.
Your Honour,
Mr Banaspati's arms are so delicate
that, not just Fire Clone, any other deo
would also have the same effect.
- Mmm.
- [Ani] Dr Rizwan,
- you're not--
- Your Honour,
- she's intimidating the witness.
- Who has now turned hostile, Your Honour.
Uh-uh. Dr Rizwan is a bonafide
professional with upstanding integrity.
Madam, this testimony will be admitted.
You're welcome to present
another medical expert if you like.
Uh, adjourned.
[dubious music playing]
- Hey, listen, uh, Mr Tendulkar.
- Mmm.
If I want to change Siri's voice
to a female's, what do I do?
Let it be, Sunil.
You'll be asking all kinds of questions.
And if it's a female voice,
it'll make you uncomfortable.
- [chuckles]
- Hmm. [chuckles]
[knocks on door]
Yeah, come in. Come in. Tyagi, come in.
So, this committee hereby proposes
that first thing tomorrow,
you'll take the oath
- and correct your mistake--
- Objection, Mr Sunil.
A complaint was filed before
your committee, saying I made a mistake.
But the mistake hasn't been proven.
Will you come sit down?
[playful music playing]
I said "without fear or favour" that day.
And as per the rules of the committee,
I do have the right
to challenge this complaint.
[sighs] Mr Tyagi.
This committee sits every alternate week.
It'll take us two and a half months
to resolve this.
Two and a half months?
That's too much.
All right.
Till then,
there'll be no PDJ in this court.
Can't help it.
Yes, there'll be some minor issues,
like, uh, leave approval,
vacation benches,
ACR submissions…
But I promise you, I won't let anyone
face any problems at all.
Whether anyone heard it or not,
I've taken an oath that Patparganj Court
will always run as smoothly as possible.
All right.
Tyagi, if this is your final decision,
then… okay.
But there's a tiny problem, Sunil.
What?
- Peepal.
- Yes, sir.
You're the High Court
system officer, right?
Your Honour,
I came here to distribute phones.
I am done with that,
but I haven't received
the official receipt yet from the PDJ.
And you won't receive it either, Peepal.
What can I say? It won't be possible
for two or three months at least.
No way.
In that case, the phones will stay
in the High Court for that time.
- Huh?
- Without the PDJ's stamp,
we can't approve the distribution.
[stammers, groans]
Very sad.
Can't be helped. Our hands are tied.
[triumphant music playing]
Hello, Mr Tyagi.
I must admit I was wrong.
Here, I was thinking that you had said
"with fear or favour" by mistake.
But now, it looks like
that was always your intention.
You are a wonderful addition
to the judiciary.
I hope your father's legacy
is in safe hands.
He would be proud of you.
[sombre music playing]
[Mintu] It's gonna be fun.
- [Munshi] The partnership is working.
- [chuckles]
May it succeed.
[chuckles]
Mr Munshi, I took off the board.
But what will the chamber's new name be?
Well, the partners of the chamber
will decide that.
What's there to decide?
Balli, Negi and Associates.
- Let's shake on it.
- [Sujata, Munshi laugh]
Sounds good,
but, uh, Negi, Balli and Associates
is also good.
It's witty, right?
Let's shake on it.
Uh, it is a good idea…
[stammering] …but the thing is,
since everyone knows
the bar president's name,
so let's go with
Balli, Negi and Associates.
Uh, listen, Order. Go get a box
of sweets quickly, good boy.
- Sure.
- Hang on, Order.
You're still acting bar president, Mintu.
What if you lose the election by mistake?
Negi, Balli and Associates would be safer.
Order. Now, get the sweets.
No, hang on.
I lose? I lose the election?
Is… You mean, this is
what you want for your new partner?
You just showed me
what a petty foyer lawyer you are.
- [stammers] Hey, one minute.
- Oh, I'm the one who's petty?
Who knocked down my files
twice this morning?
Mr Munshi, this man's a total file maniac.
Really? And what about that little
hand-to-hand contact you just pulled?
"Thank you, Mintu."
- You were there. Tell him what happened.
- How can you talk like that?
- Don't you know how to talk to a woman?
- Maybe I don't.
[Munshi] Enough.
This chamber has always had
the most capable lawyers in Patparganj.
And every decision
will be based on capability.
The chamber's cases and associates
will be divided between you two.
And in the next quarter,
whoever provides relief to more clients
will get to name the chamber.
Oh, I see. So we are making teams, is it?
Madam. Pull on finger, please.
ভুয়া লিংক এড়িয়ে চলুন — অফিসিয়াল: -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
[chuckles] Sorry.
- Hey. Out!
- Buzz off.
Get lost.
The name of the chamber
will be Balli, Negi and Associates.
- That's--
- Which means Ba-Ne.
Negi, Balli and Associates.
Ne-Ba.
- [Mintu laughing]
- [laughing]
SUJATA - MINTU
- [Mintu] Sounds like "never."
- [laughing]
Tea?
[Tyagi] Were you, too,
a lawyer before this?
[chuckles] Why? What did you think?
I was a tea seller?
No, uh…
Do… Do you feel any different,
uh, after taking your oath?
Remember, I stumbled in front of you
under the weight of duty.
Is the weight of duty too much? Or…
are we just used to stumbling?
[chuckles] Beyond reasonable doubt,
it's hard to say, Mr Tyagi.
- Some tea for you.
- Ah, thank you.
[sighs]
You carry the whole tea stall with you.
[chuckling] It's a passion.
Oh.
Someone once told me that, uh,
after taking the oath,
a man changes somewhat.
I took the oath…
correctly, didn't I?
Mr Tyagi.
It's about your beliefs.
Like, uh…
swearing on something.
Some people swear by their mother
and never tell any lies.
[chuckling] And some even
swear by their dead mothers.
- Right?
- [chuckles]
So what it comes down to is,
if you think this oath
is going to help you become a judge,
then take it again.
[tender music playing]
I spent the whole day struggling
with the thought of…
how I would retake my oath
in front of everyone.
Mr Tyagi.
If you're taking this oath for yourself,
why care about the others?
Ani, guess what happened in the chamber.
Why are you drinking plain water?
What happened to her?
She says this is the first time
she's lost to Nayana.
[Nayana] Wrong.
You forgot the spoon race in second grade.
[whispers] Go get her.
Spoon race?
You cheated back then,
and today, you cheated again.
You went crying to your mama back then.
Go cry to her again.
- Well, at least I have a mum.
- [Vishwas gasps]
[whispers] What was that?
[inhales shakily] I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Mr Banaspati.
My settlement offer
still stands at 100 grand.
You've already seen what she's capable of.
I will crush you under my Jimmy Choos.
One minute. One minute.
This case isn't over yet.
Ani, tell her.
Mr Banaspati, you work it out.
- What?
- Huh?
- Hundred grand.
Seal the deal.
Come on, Mr Banaspati.
Shake on it. Quick.
[upbeat music playing]
We are fighting this case.
And not just 100 grand.
I'm going to take 500 grand
as compensation.
- [chuckles]
- [Ani] Thank you, Mr Banaspati.
And I promise you, we will win.
[chuckles] And then
I'll get a Russian wife.
And she will make me
some Russian "salard."
It's "salad." [chuckles]
And that's… that's so sexist.
I know.
You guys are so weird.
- Thank you.
- I, Visheshwar Dayal Tyagi,
having been appointed as
- the Principal District Judge…
- Come. Let's see.
…of Patparganj District Court,
do swear in the name of God
that I will bear true faith and allegiance
to the Constitution of India.
As by law established, that I will uphold
the sovereignty and integrity of India,
that I will duly and faithfully
and to the best of my ability,
knowledge and judgement,
perform the duties of my office
without fear of favour,
affection or ill will.
Finally, Patparganj
has a Principal District Judge.
Agreed?
- Sir?
- Mmm.
Sir, even when you agree, you're angry.
- [chuckles]
- [scoffs]
So far, he's only completed step one,
Mr Shubhkela.
Let's see how true he stays to his oath.
[applauding, cheering]
[triumphant techno music playing]